README.md, before:

# blackjack-game
simple blackjack game - player and dealer(computer) - played at command prompt - (This was program was part of my python programming assignment)

#Blackjack / Twenty-one

#The possible card values range from 1 to 10 and unlike a real
#deck, the probably of drawing a card is equal

#The game begins by dealing two visible cards to the player, and two cards to the dealer.
#However, in the case of the dealer, one card is visible to other player while the other is hidden.

#The player decides whether to "hit" (draw another card), or "stand" which ends their turn.
#The player may hit any number of times. Should the total of the cards exceed 21, the player
#"busts" and loses the game to the dealer. If the player reaches 21, the player stands
#The dealer's turn begins by revealing the hidden card. The dealer must continue to hit if the
#total is 16 or less, and must stand if the value is 17 or more The dealer busts if their total is
#over 21 and the player wins. The dealer wins all ties (i.e. if both the dealer and the player reach
#21, the dealer wins). The program indicates who the winner is and asks to play again. 

#Bonus / Extra
#Introduce face cards (king, queen, jack) to the card deck
#Introduce the Ace which can either take the value of 1 or 11. Let's say the user is dealt a 10
#and an ace, that would equal 21. If the user has 3, gets an ace, the total is 14. If the user hits
#and busts, then the ace is considered to have the value of 1.

#This assignment is inspired and modified from:
#https://programmingbydoing.com/a/project-blackjack.html

Commit message:

Added how to use
Instruction added on how to launch / run the game.

README.md, after:

# blackjack-game
simple blackjack game - player and dealer(computer) - played at command prompt - (This was program was part of my python programming assignment)

To run the game you need to open command prompt and then type - python assignment_5_bonus.py

#Blackjack / Twenty-one

#The possible card values range from 1 to 10 and unlike a real
#deck, the probably of drawing a card is equal

#The game begins by dealing two visible cards to the player, and two cards to the dealer.
#However, in the case of the dealer, one card is visible to other player while the other is hidden.

#The player decides whether to "hit" (draw another card), or "stand" which ends their turn.
#The player may hit any number of times. Should the total of the cards exceed 21, the player
#"busts" and loses the game to the dealer. If the player reaches 21, the player stands
#The dealer's turn begins by revealing the hidden card. The dealer must continue to hit if the
#total is 16 or less, and must stand if the value is 17 or more The dealer busts if their total is
#over 21 and the player wins. The dealer wins all ties (i.e. if both the dealer and the player reach
#21, the dealer wins). The program indicates who the winner is and asks to play again. 

#Bonus / Extra
#Introduce face cards (king, queen, jack) to the card deck
#Introduce the Ace which can either take the value of 1 or 11. Let's say the user is dealt a 10
#and an ace, that would equal 21. If the user has 3, gets an ace, the total is 14. If the user hits
#and busts, then the ace is considered to have the value of 1.

#This assignment is inspired and modified from:
#https://programmingbydoing.com/a/project-blackjack.html
